3.1

garuda EX

20 secs of freedom

phase 01

Downburst is an instant frontal cleave that deals a moderate amount of damage to all players in front of Garuda.

Friction is an instant ranged attack that will damages a random player and all players near him. It also damages the stone pillars.

Wicked Wheel is an instant AoE attack that damages all players around Garuda for moderate amount of damage. It also damages stone pillars.

Slipstream is a frontal column spell that deals large amount of damage and stuns the targets hit. While it does not show up as a ground indicator, it can still be dodged.

Mistral Song allows Garuda to vanish and reappear on one side of the room, firing a blast of wind through the area. The ability does very heavy damage to all targets in her line of sight. Players need to hide behind stone pillars to avoid the damage.

Mistral Shriek allows Garuda to vanish and reappear in the middle of the room, firing a blast of wind through the area. The ability does very heavy damage to all targets in her line of sight. Players need to hide behind stone pillars to avoid the damage.

Aerial Blast is Garuda's signature ability. At around half health, she teleports to the center of the room and casts this ability. The damage you and your party members take depends on how damaged the stone pillars are. The more damaged the stone pillars are, the more damage you will take. Phase 2 starts after she uses this ability.

eye of the storm
persistant donut AOE
she disappears
drops aoe feathers - stacking windburn debuff

Shriek / minstral song
column Aoe
line of sight north

phase 02
plumes (add)
attack pillars

satin plume 1x (add)
will sleep everyone if not killed fast enough

shriek from east

summons chirada and supurna
keep these adds apart or they will tether
must be killed before you can attack garuda again

RECKCONING
ultimate
garuda teleports to the center of the room
if adds are still alive - you wipe

phase 03

calm

spawn plumes

spiny plume DO NOT KILL
ping pong this add between tanks to avoid hitting 3 stacks of its debuff
garuda will disappear and cast shriek
kill this plume immediately
killing it will cause an AOE - run out of it
it then spawns a bubble - run into it


phase 04

summons chirada, supurna and another spiny plume

Whirlwind persistant AOE
X shape
tanks in the NE/SW
healers/ranged in NW

Shriek again - kill spiny plume, avoid aoe, stand in bubble

alternate between phase 3 and 4 until death
